My name is Tanya Moore, I'm from North London originally but now live on the south coast of England with my husband John and our two children Freya and Jasper who's very excited to be here tonight because he got his first pair of pyjamas for Christmas which was lovely thank you so much that was really nice it wasn't actually me that bought them no don't look at me like that i didn't buy him any clothes um i have just been buying her stuff right she's getting bigger every day she looks more and more like me oh god if they're still paying attention frey has already started doing that thing where she picks up toys off the floor and then puts them back down again uh what the hell am i meant to do with this kind of behaviour? I've never had kids before. Never needed to know about anything like that before. And also, and we were going to get her vaccinated against all those diseases that come around once every couple of months or something isn't it love not yet though too young too young too little too small too vulnerable let's keep putting it off one week becomes three weeks becomes six months and by the time she's five years old everyone else has had their jabs 15 times over yeah we'll wait until there's another pandemic then that should give us enough time right um anyway life goes on obviously john works away quite a bit while i stay home looking after these gorgeous people that's how it works best job ever being mummy honestly couldn't recommend it highly enough even when you break an ankle playing netball which is exactly why they invented shin pads but anyway you can imagine john will often miss out on lots of things whilst he's working away especially big milestones like school trips holidays birthdays whatever doesn't matter what it is john won't see it probably wouldn't even notice either way so i thought well maybe i could surprise him yes with a present yeah bring him home a gift nothing says happy birthday daddy does it than some new kitchen appliances absolutely spot on perfect timing darlin' we're going to need the extra space for your massive head that comes along with being the most wonderful man alive yeah john loves presents obviously i think everybody likes presents i mean nobody dislikes presents except for freya right frey hates presents hate hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hates hated it i took her into hampers recently picked her up a little basket full of goodies chocolate biscuits crackers etc and straight away just went no! No! Get it away! Get it away! I said, Freya, darling, sweetie, honey, pomegranate, poppy seed cake, almond croissants... She looked at me and went... What? No idea what happened in there, okay? Just disappeared into herself completely. Lost all communication skills. But anyway, John loved the kitchen appliances, enjoyed using them, everything worked fine, good quality products, fantastic customer service, great price point, really made my husband feel special. Oh, hang on a minute, sorry, guys. I might have missed my moment earlier. I'm supposed to tell you my big news. My big news is I passed my driving test. Thank you, cheers, wow! Yeah, thanks, I did pass! And, um, it felt amazing, I must say, passing the driving test, finally done it, you know, after four attempts. Can't believe it, mate. Can't believe I did it. But, you know, fourth time lucky, eh? That's what they always say, innit? So, last year I failed my third exam. It was awful, devastating, heartbreaking, really broke me, but I bounced back stronger than ever. Three days later, I signed myself up for another go, reared up ready for round number four, baby. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now, I remember failing my second test vividly. Not least because it occurred during lockdown. Yeah, do you remember that shit show? How ridiculous it was, how absurd? They were saying things like, stay safe indoors. We're gonna put the grandkids through Zoom classes. We're gonna work remotely from home. Stay indoors, we're gonna shop online. And I was thinking, if only there was one place inside my house where I'd rather be. Where would that be? Behind the wheel of a car. What a relief, what a release it was having both hands free again. Because previously, I'd been forced to hold the steering wheel with one hand while texting my dad with the other. That was the only option available to me. Honestly, we survived on WhatsApp alone. He used to send me messages, say things like, Hey, Tanya, hope you're managing all right. Did you manage alright? Hope you managed alright. Oh God, please make sure you turn left in approximately 400 feet. You can't afford to mess this up. And I'd respond to each message individually, trying desperately to type fast enough without swerving onto the hard shoulder. It's a miracle I passed at all. The fact that I passed was pure luck. The examiner told me afterwards I was very close to failing. He gave me loads of feedback. First piece of advice was stop drifting across the road divider like a bloody pirate. Next tip was slow down, slow down, slow down. Apparently, I drove past him waving at him smiling laughing enjoying myself while breaking speed limit. Just wanted to say hello to somebody, and there he was behind me, sat there grinning from ear to ear going, hey, hey, hey, mate, slow down, slow down, slow down, you're going to kill yourself! Anyway, I'm glad I passed, because otherwise I wouldn't have been able to drive out to Brighton to celebrate properly. Had such a wonderful night. Had dinner, saw a show, drank cocktails till midnight. Spent money I shouldn't have spent, met friends I hadn't seen in ages. Felt fabulous, truly fabulous. Even managed to get parking, which is no easy feat. I parked perfectly legally, paid for it and everything. When I returned to my vehicle hours later, I found £50 worth of damage inflicted upon it by someone attempting to park illegally nearby. As soon as I spotted it, my heart sank. As quickly as possible, I rang my insurance company. I explained the situation, and they assured me that they would cover all costs associated with repairing the damage incurred to my property. Took note of registration numbers of surrounding vehicles. Very responsible driver I am. I hung up the phone feeling relieved, confident that justice had been served. Until suddenly, I heard footsteps approaching my vehicle. Turned around to find a woman pointing accusing finger towards me shouting, excuse me lady, I noticed you rang your insurance company. Why did you ring your insurance company? Why did you call your insurance company? This woman clearly had mental health issues. She had to have problems. Only reason she approached me was because I called my insurance company. Because she was worried I was making false claims. Wanted to report me to the police for fraud, for dishonesty, for deceit. Couldn't believe anyone would do such a terrible thing. If only I knew then what I know now. Next time, next time, next time, I swear to God, if I pull over anywhere near that cow, I'm running her over. Right, that's my time. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful evening. Bye-bye.