I've got one of those phones, that new Samsung phone. It's quite good because it does all these things I don't need on my phone but... you know what I mean? It can make me look clever if anyone else has this phone like they're impressed by it right um so i'll use it to show them how clever i am yeah sometimes people get jealous when other people have better stuff than we do isn't that funny? Like oh he had an iPad before tablets were invented or something. But anyway, there was a problem with this thing. And my dad is not very technical at all. He doesn't understand computers, but he wanted to try and fix his son's computer problems, which made sense until about halfway through our conversation, where I realized he didn't actually want to help me solve any problems; he just really enjoyed talking into machines for some reason. So basically every time there was a beep or anything like that, he'd be like, 'Oh! What's happening? Oh! Is it stuck?' And then suddenly realize, no, Dad, it's fine. Nope, everything seems to work normally now. Everything's back up and running again. Thank you, thank you, thank you! Which was annoying, because it wasn't helping. What happened initially was that his SIM card stopped working in the Samsung Galaxy S III, which sounds fancy. Yeah, well, turns out it's not. So I called Orange customer services, who said I needed to reset my network settings. Now, my mum loves saying words she thinks sound posh even though they don't necessarily go together. She likes using her little phrases from television programmes. She used to watch Midsomer Murders. So whenever someone says murder, she goes, darling. Darling, darling, darling. Darling, darling, darling. Anyway, so she hears me say resetting, she went, ooh, yes, darling. You must reset. Yes, indeed, Mum. Yes. Reset. Then eventually after many hours later I managed to sort the issue out myself and phoned him to let him know and he goes oops sorry darlings next time just ring orange so we live too close to each other maybe and i think we should probably move away from each other mum dad you know when they're always ringing and bugging you they kind of become overbearing so you think you might kill them it's interesting being related to somebody you could potentially kill but also love and care for That joke works best if everyone agrees that their family members could definitely be murdered under certain circumstances. I'm going to leave you guys with two pieces of advice from my father today. Firstly, never use a microwave oven to heat up frozen peas. Secondly, never put cheese toasties in your freezer. Thank you very much. Enjoy the rest of your night.