Oh my god, guys, I love going to the gym so much! You know what's really fun? Gym influencer videos where they film themselves at every step of their workout? Like, you ever see those Instagram Reels? Where it just starts on them doing bicep curls with a caption that says something like, morning motivation! And then mid-reel, it cuts to them deadlifts, but now the caption is like, oh no, what am I gonna do for lunch today? No! Then there'll be another cut later on in the reel, this time it will be an overhead shot of them running on one of these giant treadmills while eating chicken salad out of a bowl. This time the caption might say something more ominous like, why did I sign up for CrossFit again? Then finally towards the end of the video there's always some kind of reveal or punchline where maybe if we're lucky she pulls back her shirt and shows us all her abs. Or better yet, he drops his pants right down to his ankles and reveals to us that yes indeed he does have a penis after all. It looks small compared to his personality though. That shit must be cold. I don't get how people watch other humans exercise, you know? That seems like such a weird thing to watch someone else do. Weirdly enough, even weirder than watching somebody work out, is when they give themselves commentary during said workout. Where it sounds less like sports commentary and more like just regular old person-to-person conversation about nothing at all. For example, imagine being on the subway and seeing a guy sitting across from you staring into space looking very concerned. He leans over to you and whispers something shocking in your ear like, hey buddy, can you believe Kanye West was almost president once upon a time? Can you wrap your head around that level of gravitas? There's also sometimes it feels like gym influencer reels are trying to convince me to go to the gym too by making it sound like the most relaxing place on earth. Like it's not the same vibe if it's just you versus everybody who watches Fitness YouTube. But yeah, that'd be cool. Maybe next time I'm free I should join him for a deadlift. What do you think? Would that be nice? Or would that be super awkward? Like if I showed up uninvited to his apartment, I guess i could bring wine. Wouldn't want things to feel too tense. How long do you usually keep the camera rolling before turning off the lights and having sex? Is that allowed? Is anybody stopping you? No, seriously, stop recording. Put that away. Stop laughing, put that phone away. Put that recorder away. Turn that microphone off. Come closer. Let me whisper something in your ear. If you need any tips, I've got plenty. Okay? The world needs fewer people. The planet's overcrowded. We gotta thin the herd. Just take yourself outside behind a tree and shoot yourself in the fucking face. Whoever invented guns deserves our deepest gratitude because holy fuck. Thank you so much for listening to me talk. Good night!