I don't like it when people ask me where I'm from.  It's not that they always get it wrong  it is but i just think there's an assumption behind the question right if someone asks you where your from oh man i can tell by your accent well this guy looks like he was born yesterday so let's see what happens here  there's kind of a hierarchy to these questions too yeah uh huh right (Settup) If someone asks you where you're from first off why do you care?  But then depending on how old you look compared to the person asking the question it could be either really flattering or really embarrassing, right? Yeah.  For example, if somebody younger than me asked me where I am from, I'd probably feel good about myself, because at least my face doesn't give away any information, right? Like, if I walk into a room with some young hipster who's wearing glasses, skinny jeans, Converse shoes, and a scarf around his neck, and he goes, hey dude, where are you from? And I go, I'm from Canada, bro, he'll know exactly what I mean.  Like, we've got mountains, hockey rinks, moose, polar bears... You wouldn't even need more than one word!  And I would take pride knowing that I pulled the wool over his eyes, you know?  He thought he had me cornered with those fancy pants and the hairnet, didn't he? Didn't work, did it? No way! Gotcha! Haha ha ha ha ha! Yeah, nice try, kid.  Now, on the other hand, if someone older than me were to ask me where I'm from, you know, say like a grandma or something, that's different story altogether, all right?  Then I might start getting a little defensive, maybe even lie to her, which isn't very Canadian of me at all, actually.  That's usually our biggest mistake as Canadians down south, is lying about being American, because apparently nobody believes us.  They never buy it. They're always like, no, buddy, come out now, you liar.  So, instead, I started doing this thing called the Canadian Accent Switcheroo.  Yeah, basically, whenever anyone under the age of 40 asks me where I'm from, I switch accents. From a moment's notice. It's amazing.  From Canuck to Cockney in two seconds flat, baby.  No problem. Not easy, though.  Not everyone has it in them. All right? So if you want to master this technique yourself, here's what you gotta do.  First, you gotta relax your tongue, put your mouth together like a fish.  Secondly, tighten up your vocal cords.  Third, pretend you're trying to pull the tag off a t-shirt.  Fourth, make sure your nose hairs aren't touching your upper lip anymore.  And fifth, remember to breathe.  All right? That last part is crucial.