I'm happy to be doing this for you, man. It's very exciting. A lot of people don't know that I have Tourette's syndrome because it looks like every other white guy who ever had an opinion about anything. But yeah, if there was any doubt based on my body language or speech patterns, let me just clarify right now by saying I do indeed suffer from Tourette's syndrome, which is great because I love being different, but not everyone does. So when someone asks how many of us out there live with Tourettessyndrome I always want them to give more specific answers so we can all feel included even though they're asking the question but honestly speaking i think it would probably be easier if we were talking to each other face-to-face instead of over some computer screen wouldn't you agree sir? Because then I could see what kind of day you've been having before answering whether I think you should worry about getting shot down again. That's why I wish that Facebook Live existed back at the time when I first got diagnosed with Tourettes. And unfortunately, things didn't turn out well for me, did they? Didn't work out real well. My parents put up posters around town. We went door-to-door trying to find a kid that fit the description. Turns out he wasn't found until much later in life when somebody started making really good videos online called Jeffree Star. Oh! Oh, that joke doesn't quite land yet. Give me another minute, okay? All right. We also tried therapy, which... Which made things worse. The therapist actually told me to relax while I tattled on him! Yeah. Yeah, thank you guys for laughing. Sorry about that. Sorry. All right. No, seriously. Things aren't funny anymore. It's too hard to get stuff done. Like, we need to talk about our phones. This is going to sound crazy, especially since no one has seen me in person lately, but... I am addicted to my phone. Like, I cannot stop using my phone. I use FaceTime to order food, check myself into a mental hospital, send nudes, text my family members during meetings, Facetime to watch TV shows, play Fortnite, read books, make playlists, listen to podcasts, browse Twitter, watch TikTok videos, scroll through Instagram stories, shop online, play Tetris, call my grandma, check the weather, look up recipes, take pictures of the clouds, play Snake Classic, Facetune selfies, write articles, check email, record standup specials, edit movies, film music videos, Facetime friends during sex. Wait, hold on. Hold on, hold on, hold on. What'd y'all say? What'd y'all say? Did you hear that? Wow. That felt amazing. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. No, seriously. Stop clapping. You shouldn't be cheering. What happened earlier tonight, that wasn't normal behavior. And nobody likes a weirdo, alright? Nobody likes a freak, alright? Nobody likes an outsider. Nobody likes an oddball. Nobody likes an anomaly. Nobody likes an irregularity. Just throw away your phone. Go outside. Play catch. Take a nap. If you saw me today after show and gave me a thumbs up, please keep giving me those. Those mean nothing to me either way, okay? Now, if you'll excuse me, I gotta go update these jokes on my phone. Anyway, enough about technology. Let's move on to something else. How about appliances? Anybody familiar with Amazon Alexa? Anybody heard of her? She's cool. Very popular among ladies. She helps you lose weight and gives solid dating advice. When she wants to hook up with you, she whispers sweet nothings directly into your earpiece. Whenever you try to hit her, she responds by reminding you that you're fat. Has anybody met a lady named Echo? Is anyone familiar with Google Home Mini? Doesn't matter if you don't understand the reference. Just remember, you're wrong. Also, welcome to hell. Google Assistant is a little bit creepier than Alexa, isn't she? Not sure why you laughed at that one. Not everybody loves Google Assistant. Some people hate Google Assistant. Some people can't stand her. One person wrote, oh, she sounds creepy and passive-aggressive. Another one said, she seems condescending. And then last year, a few users chimed in writing, Google Assistant is sexist. Which I thought was interesting given that I used to date a girl who wanted to become a female impersonator for years. Never took off, but she kept working at it anyway. Eventually became a regional manager for Chick-fil-A. Thanks for listening to me talk about technology and home assistants. Before I leave, I want to ask you guys two questions. Number one, have you guys ever noticed that smartphones have gotten ridiculously expensive? Last year alone, Samsung released three new flagships within months of each other ranging from $700 to $1,800. Meanwhile, Apple released their own pair of iPhones priced at $600 and $1,500 respectively. As if one iPhone per month weren't enough, both companies followed suit releasing additional models costing between $900 to $2,000 apiece. They added cameras. They removed buttons. They moved ports. They changed designs. And still, you guys bought every single goddamn model. How stupid are you?! Why did you buy four separate devices that do exactly the same thing? Do you think you might be gay? Are you high right now? Are you under the influence? Do you have a problem? There must be something wrong with you. Did you think maybe next quarter there will be a better camera setup? Or perhaps you believed future-proofing would save money long-term. Maybe you thought buying multiple handsets simultaneously would secure yourself a spot amongst the tech elite. Whatever your reasoning may be, rest assured you made a huge mistake. In fact, I challenge each and every one of you to name five occasions where owning four identical cellphones proved beneficial. Okay. Okay. Three. Two. One. Zero. Zero? Zero! You zero-ed the fuck out. Well, guess what, suckers? The worst part is only half the country owns smartphones nowadays. Half the world lives without access to internet and Wi-Fi. They survive fine. Maybe we should learn from their examples, huh? Secondly, most of you have never heard of Smart Fridges. Anybody unfamiliar with Smart Fridge? Anyone heard of a fridge that talks to its owner? Talks to its owner? Yes ma'am, yes ma'am, yes ma'am, yes ma'am, yes ma'am. Here's how it works, folks. When you open the refrigerator door, the fridge says hello. Then, depending on what type of milk you purchased, it tells you a knock-knock joke. On occasion, the kitchen appliance goes ahead and offers helpful suggestions, such as recommending a recipe or suggesting the best brand of cheese for pizza night. Smart Fridge is pretty clever, except sometimes it gets a little carried away with the flirting. For example, if you eat a meal prepared inside the oven located adjacent to the refrigerator, it starts calling you daddy. Daddy, come taste my buns. Daddy, help me clean the stove. Come and sit on my lap. Come sit on my counter. Yes, papa. Papa, feed me dinner. Feed me meatballs. Ooh, ooh, oh, oh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh,