I love when I go to an airport that has so much power it just kind of spills over into like other areas of the airport, you know? Like there will be these little shops where they sell travel accessories or things for people who get lost at sea but also have free Wi-Fi because why not right like this is exciting i'm gonna take all my clothes off let's do it But then what ends up happening is like women come along and men start going oh she hasn't seen me since we got here don't worry babe if she doesn't find us before boarding call me i'll look after her okay yeah And then you're left on your own which sucks especially if you've been traveling by yourself like this guy looks worried he'd probably be more comfortable getting picked up by his parents again It was really nice though like three years ago flying out of JFK it had one of those airports that just had way too many outlets. The wall would sort of curve around towards you and hit your knee and say hello sir thank you very much now please enjoy some complimentary air conditioning and I remember thinking wow I wonder how much electricity you need to run this entire place They must use a lot of energy to keep everything humming along because of course there were no plug sockets available anywhere else. So obviously I used my laptop while standing next to the luggage carousel while watching everyone elses suitcase spin round in circles being rejected from its home And then eventually someone said something about their missing bag. Do any of y'all remember the last time you flew somewhere? Okay cool. You ever notice that sometimes when you fly places, every single person gets off the plane except for you? That happened to me once recently. It was very weird. And I looked down, I realized I wasn't even plugged in anymore. Because what ended up happening was that every passenger who boarded that flight had taken turns using the outlet near the luggage carousel, including myself. All of them did it. And then none of them paid attention to whether anyone else needed anything. Just took turns hogging it all until finally only I remained uncharged. There should be rules about how long you can hold onto a socket. A good rule of thumb could be whoever uses the socket first, goes first. Or maybe whoever needs the charge most. If you see someone looking frantically around trying to figure out why they still haven't gotten notification yet, give him your phone. Thank you guys so much. Have a great night!