There's been an uptick, recently, of self-service tills popping up everywhere that I've noticed. They're on every single supermarket shelf now because they save time for the staff members who work there. So if you don't need help, then just go through one of these little machines. And it seems like quite a simple concept, doesn't it? Just scan all your items off, pay with card or cash, put them into bags yourself, get out the other side, but no! Because what happens is when we step behind those barriers, something within us clicks and we become completely useless. We look at each machine differently than anyone else does. It looks normal to everyone else, right? But me, personally, I'm terrified of scanning my own shopping. I have this fear where I think someone will jump out from nowhere and attack me while I'm stuck between two screens trying to find whether Tesco Finest strawberries come under fruits or dairy products. That never ends well. In fact, not long ago, I did experience such an incident. A guy leapt over my shoulder and started going for his waistband before realising he'd accidentally jumped past about seven people already so instead ran away down the aisle. Oh! No wonder people prefer talking to robots though isn't it because even when someones angry or annoyed with their customer service rep all they ever do is repeat back exactly what i said i rang johnson controls yesterday was very rude lady on end of phone kept repeating back everything i had told her can you imagine if she hadn't done that would be absolutely horrific wouldn't it sir yes ma'am could you tell me how much a baguette costs um oh god please let me talk to your supervisor straight away thank you thank you, madam. It'll only take five minutes. Please hold. If anything were to happen, they can track our movements across all shops via CCTV cameras. Do you remember last year? There was that huge scandal involving Morrisons supermarkets after several customers claimed they'd seen security guards physically dragging shoppers screaming back to the front of stores just so they could manhandle them onto these ungodly contraptions and throw them between rotating blades and watch as they disintegrate into nothingness now i know that didn't actually happen but i like to believe it did anyway because i enjoy hearing older generations complain about new technology but I live near Heathrow Airport, which has got automated gates around it. Not sure why they bother with those anymore, really. Now, they're not smart gates either. Just old-fashioned ones. You press a button, turn round, face forward, walk towards gate. That opens, allow you through. No problem whatsoever. Except whenever I use mine, the woman standing next to it always gives me such dirty looks. She thinks I'm f***ing with her. The way I use it, I see her first, make eye contact, wave hello, wait till she acknowledges me back, then hit the button. Then both of us sort of glance over, check each other still haven't moved, nod again, smile, carry on waiting until eventually I push off and move slowly forward just so I appear less intimidating she starts tapping foot impatiently looking at me thinking am I gonna pass anytime soon yet so far nobody's complained but you should hear the complaints I receive at home my girlfriend hates my family more than anything hate them all especially my dad apparently apparently he's awful yeah according to her anyway she's constantly telling me stuff about him like things he's done in the past say once i was telling her about my childhood growing up told her how hard times were how poor we lived in council flats no money coming in we couldn't afford food all we used to eat was baked beans three meals a day that's all we ate he went to school hungry every day because parents chose to spend the little bit of spare change we had left over buying booze rather than food for children it gets worse too at night i used to sleep with a bin liner wrapped around my head cos i thought mice were living inside there eating all the blood in my brain anyway she heard this story and she goes ah yes uh-huh yeah sounds familiar you must feel terrible having grown up like that i looked at her i thought hang on mate this wasn't the worst thing he's ever done you might want to listen to the rest of the story before judging his character if you're ready to continue then alright what happened years later years later he sent my sister and brother to Thailand for free where they met their Thai mother for the very first time something none of us knew existed they loved it so much they ended up staying in Thailand for good and now live happily ever after there in a place called Phuket isn't that nice? Apparently, Dad being a horrible person is okay if he sends kids halfway across the world and makes dreams come true for them. Yeah. But if Mum chooses baked beans over fish fingers one day and vice versa another, she becomes the devil incarnate. Okay? Is that... Yeah. Thank you guys very much. Have a great evening. Goodbye.