I'm so glad to be back doing live shows, because Zoom is fun but it does have its downsides. One of them being you can't really do any drinking on Zoom, right? Because if I was at this venue now, that would just be part of my job, yeah? Just got to get hammered every night, innit? But not when I'm on Zoom, no. If anything happens while we're on there, what's going to happen? That's all I've thought about today. Like, what if someone comes through the window? What am I supposed to do? Call security like, hey man, help! Someone's coming into my house! They'll be like, whoa, hang tight sir. Where are you located again? That guy in the background shouting out, put him on speakerphone! Put him on speakerphone! So... Yeah... No one wants to see me naked. That'd ruin their day, wouldn't it? My face pops up, everyone goes, oh no. Not another one. It doesn't matter where I am or how far away from home I am. When people think of England they still go, London. Everyone thinks of England, London. And even then some people say Manchester, which pisses us off, obviously. We know it exists though, thank you very much. No one gives Birmingham an honourable mention for whatever reason. Even people in Wales don't give it a shout-out. People always talk about the two cities, right? London, New York City. The rest of the world seems to love comparing those two places together. They seem to want to compare the two cultures side by side. New Yorkers will often complain about how crazy our transport system is over there. And we might hear that sometimes. Just ignore them, mate. Don't let them wind you up. Cos deep down inside, everyone knows it could never actually work properly. Can you imagine trying to run the tube during rush hour with American efficiency? Imagine hearing announcements come over saying things like, ladies and gentlemen, good morning, welcome aboard. Please make sure your doors open and close completely before boarding the train safely behind me. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome aboard. Please mind the gap between yourself and the stranger sitting next to you. Mind the gap between yourself and the stranger sitting next to you. Ladies and gentleman, please keep your arms inside the carriage at all times. Thank you so much. Have a great journey ahead of you. Hello, hello. How are you guys feeling after last week? Very excited for tonight. I feel fantastic. Excellent energy in the room already. Great to see everybody smiling and enjoying themselves. Somebody told me recently he had seen my name written on something called Office Bingo Card. Apparently Office Bingo Cards were popular online during lockdown, especially during video conferences. Yes, apparently these cards feature phrases commonly used in virtual meetings such as nice to meet you and that kind of thing. Any idea why anyone would create such a card? Why anyone would use such a product? Well, I think it's probably safe to assume most users aren't looking forward to attending these conference calls. Maybe they find it boring listening to other people drone on and on. Or maybe they hate meeting new colleagues and dread having to chat to them afterwards. Whatever their reasons may be, they've created Office Bingo, hoping to liven things up slightly, right? By marking down each time they heard certain catchphrases, until eventually somebody said something outrageous enough to win them the game. Sounds exciting, isn't it? Now, if only life wasn't quite so dull. Office Bingo sounds perfect for office workers stuck working from home. Couldn't agree more. Here's a phrase, ladies and gentlemen, if you ever need one, a little something i came up with myself specifically designed for office zoom bingo. I present to you ladies and gentlemen, bottom half of the screen, top half of the call. That should be enough to get you started on your way to winning big. Hope you enjoyed it. Cheers, thanks very much.