I was really excited to go to this hot yoga class, because I love doing stuff where people tell me what temperature to make my body feel like it's on fire for no reason. That is so fun! It makes you want to do more shit! So... So I walk into class early, because that's part of the deal when they're going to put all these other sweaty people around me who also did not need this. And she starts handing out blocks and straps. And if you don't know, those things are made from natural rubber or foam, but they will still get scalding hot inside of your vagina. They'll melt there and then dry up and become a raisin. So now we have six fucking straws just sitting here at our feet? How about one per person? One straw per person. We can use them right away. She hands me two blocks instead of a strap and looks confused by her own decision. Yeah, fuck yeah! This should be good! Two blocks! Let's get weird with this blocky business! All right, let's see how many different ways I could hold a rock while being naked outside. Let's figure some shit out here real quick! Then before I even start sweating, we gotta wait another ten minutes for three people. Now I'm gonna call them latecomers, but technically none of us were on time for anything today except maybe brunch last week, but... Also, she said we couldn't eat before coming here, which isn't true, and that would actually help keep me cool. But she didn't say we couldn't drink. If you think about it, drinking water is hydration and eating food is nourishment, but both can cause stomach discomfort, making an already awkward pose worse. It doesn't take a genius to realize why alcoholics never stop drinking. Because sometimes after a few drinks, you might notice something unexpected. Like the way your face changes shape. Or maybe even how much bigger everything else appears compared to your face. Oh man, I wish I had a drink! Is anyone thirsty in here? Anyone wanna talk? Anybody having trouble getting into their legs? Anyone else wondering how old the dude who invented yoga must have been when he came up with this thing? When he first started thinking through poses, he'd probably sit cross-legged on his bed and go, hmm, what if I bend forward? What if I stretch back behind myself? What if I stick each leg straight up towards heaven? Nope. That's too far. Nope. Too high. Just kinda bend my knees and reach down towards the ground. Yep. Okay. Now breathe deeply and focus inwardly upon your soul. Uh-uh, nope. Not yet. Just kinda lean to one side and look at the wall. Okay. Maybe later. Breathe deep and focus inward. One day he got bored and went, oh boy, what if I stuck each arm straight out beside myself? Hmm. Too long. Hmm, okay, cut it in half. Bend them elbows. No, no, no, pointier than that. Pointiest of points ever. Gotta fold them arms in against my body, otherwise I look like a bird trying to fly backwards. Maybe next year. Anyway, I've decided that every time someone asks me to come to a yoga class again, I'm gonna pretend I heard them ask me to play basketball instead. Do you want to play ball? Yeah, sure, doggy-dog, game on! Bring it on, bitch! Bring it on! You better bring it! You better bring it! Or whatever sports bros say when they want to fight. Anyways, I am super bad at playing basketball. I only mention that because everyone seems to assume that because I'm very short, I'm somehow naturally athletic. Which isn't true. In fact, most little kids aren't athletically gifted until they hit puberty, at which point they suddenly turn into tiny muscle bound versions of themselves. At least that's kind of what happened to boys. As girls matured, however, their bodies typically shifted sideways. For example, when I was growing up, you'd often find me at recess hiding under a bench waiting for nobody to pick me. My dream was always to grow up big and strong enough to lift heavy objects off children smaller than myself without hurting anybody. Unfortunately, that never worked out, but... But I guess I did end up pretty small. Small enough that I haven't gone through puberty once. Still happening daily. This has been Bob Odenkirk. Thank you guys. Have a great night. Bye-bye.