There's something that I don't know if you guys have ever experienced, but we've been doing this for years now. If you're not familiar with it, basically what happens is every couple of months or so an office will decide to switch from cubicles back over to open office space where everybody sits at desks next to each other. And they think that makes them innovative geniuses because they get to call it an open layout. They always say like, oh yeah, our company has gone completely open floor plan. We just kind of let all these employees roam free wherever they want on campus without any walls around their workstations or anything crazy like that. It sounds very liberal progressive except when you walk into one of those offices and there isn't even a woman sitting down behind a desk anywhere. So who exactly do you need to keep track of? The intern? They should be going home by lunchtime anyway. He could probably figure out how to use his laptop without breaking it. I'm telling you right now, ladies, I got news for you. When the men are done using their laptops, they'll go ahead and put them away real quick, but then they still got some time left before they start drinking again. So while no women are looking, what they tend to do is sneak off to a corner somewhere and jack off. That's why they make us leave early. Because they can hear my voice coming through the wall. So they send me packing at three o'clock in the afternoon. But I tell you what, though, after they kick me out, about two hours later... ...there's only one person left working late in the entire building. The CEO. And he hasn't showered since Friday night. Yeah! Thank you. Yes! I love seeing young couples come together and realize that sex is actually fun. This particular couple was adorable. She had glasses, she wore her hair up, looked cute little heels, and she went by Dr. He was much more laid back. He wore jeans and sneakers, looked relaxed, didn't wear a tie once during the whole conversation. Went by Dave. Very laid back guy named Dave. Very easy-going until he started talking about the business side of things. At which point he became super intense. Like, talk about passive-aggressive. She said, hey, babe, what would happen financially if we were to break up? What would that look like? What would that mean? He goes, well, first of all, I hope nobody breaks up with anybody else. Cause if somebody does break up with somebody else, I'd definitely fuck that bitch up. Oh, okay, good answer. Then he paused for a second. Oh wait, am I allowed to say that? Is that cool? Is that fine? Am I supposed to be saying that? Well, thank God I asked. Thank God I asked. All right, let's try that again. Here we go. Breakup. Okay. Okay, breakup. Breakups. All right, financials. Financially speaking, if we broke up, I guess I wouldn't really lose too much money because nothing major came out of our relationship. Nothing big happened between us financially. Which made sense considering she's a doctor and I sell insurance for dogs. We're never gonna buy a house together, obviously. Or maybe eventually. Maybe someday. Maybe, hopefully, sooner rather than later. Thanks for the vote of confidence. Just kidding, thanks for being such a great sport. Have a nice day. Bye-bye. Yes. No, seriously, I appreciate it. I see people laughing. I understand that sometimes jokes aren't funny anymore. Sometimes we live in different times, circumstances change, and jokes become outdated. Somebody recently told me, they go, man, that joke doesn't seem funny anymore because we got rid of the N-word. No shit! We did! Now you gotta listen to rap music! Come on, man! Listen to rap. Give me another chance, bro. I promise you. Guys, give him another shot. Don't worry, man. I feel bad for rappers. Rap artists used to have a lot of creative freedom. Do whatever they wanted on records. Those days are long gone now. These labels dictate everything. Remember old school hip-hop albums? They'd literally just release albums straight to CD without editing a single thing. Not anymore. Everything gets edited now. Even Kendrick Lamar releases songs. Every song starts off seven minutes long. By the end of the edit process, it comes down to four minutes. How many beats did y'all throw away today, sir? Sir, how many bars did y'all cut from this album today? Four. How many fucking bars? Whoa, whoa, whoa, calm down, motherfucker. My name's K Dot, remember? Kendrick Mother Fucking Lamer. Alright, alright, alright. Let's take a breath, brother. Take a deep breath. Hey, yo, I'm sorry about earlier. I'm sorry about earlier, man. It wasn't personal. Yo, man, I'm trying to find myself. I'm trying to stay true to art form. I ain't making no commercial hits. I'm not putting no platinum plaques on the fridge. I'm making real hip hop, baby boy. Real street, real authentic, real honest-to-God hip hop. I'm pouring my heart and soul onto wax. Cuz that's the way hip hop works, man. It's real simple stuff. One minute you're hot, next minute you're not. Next minute you're dead. Look at Tupac Shakur, man. Tupac died 20 years ago, yet we still celebrate him every year. Why? Why do we still pay tribute to Biggie Smalls? For Christ's sake, we called him Biggie Smalls. Biggie smalldicks. Wow. He was huge. That's why they called him Biggie Smalldick. B-I-double-gie-smalldick-alright. His dick was small. Ladies, gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Mr. Jay-Z. Hello, New York City. This is DJ Kool Herc. Everybody knows who I am already, but I might as well introduce myself. DJ Kool Herc, founder of modern-day hip-hop music itself. Nobody knew about hip-hop till I invented turntable scratching and locking the beat. Right here in the South Bronx, Queensbridge Project, New York City. Ain't nobody touching this. Locking the beat means that I took both platters, turned the volume down, and kept rocking nonstop. Rocking forever till the wheels fall off. Hoo-ah, hoo-ha, hoohahaha, hoo-ho-ho-ha-ha. Whooo-whooo-whoooo-oopity-doo-waa-waaa-wawawa-pat-a-cake-mama-papa-pop-like-an-instrument-you-can't-touch-this-hey-yo-my-name-is-jay-z-and-i'm-from-the-bronx-where-kids-play-with-xenon-lights-but-it-sounds-good-on-beats-by-the-pound-so-listen-up-as-we-get-started-talking-about-shit-that-happens-around-town-right-now. Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga-nigga, nigga-nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga,