I'm on my phone all day, so I like to take time off from that when I go out with someone new. And sometimes it's hard for me not to check my phone because I don't know how much longer we're gonna be together. But if you ever try to hook up with somebody after one date, let this be an important lesson for you. Don't do it at their place! Don't! Because they'll have a bed. They will always, without fail, have a bed. And then there is no reason why you cannot get yourself home safely. So what am I doing? What am I thinking? Like I had sex with a guy once immediately following our very first meeting just because he had a futon. That was his pitch right away he did i need to tell you guys something about myself before i continue with this story okay uh i'm actually pretty picky when it comes to sex stuff like you might think based upon everything i've told you but yeah i am really picky when it comes to sex stuff now um i guess part of the reason i got down with him though is because he wasn't afraid to say anything. He didn't want any surprises later on down the road. When it came to the future of things, he laid everything out on the table. Which I appreciate. He said, well, I gotta warn you, I got two roommates living downstairs. They could potentially hear us having sex. And also, you should probably know that I'm going through some issues back East. It looks like I may end up moving back soon. Now, would you still like to keep going or... We went ahead with it anyway. We were both super into each other. It felt necessary. Here's the thing about being adventurous sexually, especially during the beginning stages of dating, is that you never quite know where you stand until it happens again sometime else. So... You can imagine what happened next. The man upstairs started banging around. First of all, thank God they live above us and not beside us. Secondly, we'd been talking for three hours prior. This was the last moment I wanted to meet her son. She walked in the door, she gave me a kiss, sat down next to me. Her eyes locked onto mine. She goes, oh, you must be Mark. Thank God I took that extra second to make sure everybody knew who the hell I was. Because otherwise, I would have thought that she had accidentally come into the house. My name is Dan Soder. Thank you. Have a good night.