I like going on dates, I think it's good for you to go out with people. If someone goes out with somebody every now and again they're gonna have something that makes them feel alive. It might be sex or an Indian meal but whatever that is just make sure you've got one because i'm not getting any younger here uh yeah no um thank you very much yeah i'll tell you what though right i was trying online dating recently which i don't recommend by the way if anyone wants some advice do all of those things that people say about how you should never judge anybody based upon their profile pictures and stuff like that well forget about them because honestly there were times when I thought I'd accidentally swiped into tinder accidental match swipe back next time let me get my thumb together okay thanks guys but anyway so this girl she had two photos on her profile picture number one it was her from behind wearing a towel basically naked apart from the fact that everyone wears towels around their waist nowadays you know what I mean? So she has the classic pose where she's standing in front of a mirror, looking at herself in the mirror, showing off these toned biceps. Now, you can imagine why I would want to meet up with this woman, right? But then... Picture Number Two... She put a photo of herself face-to-face in glasses. Oh! She looked like my nan! Honestly, it's true. It really did look like my nan who does wear glasses mind you. Okay, fine, maybe that was unfair, because my nan doesn't really look like anybody's idea of attractive, but still, we could both pass off as being called Nan on Tinder, couldn't we? And I said to myself, hang on, surely there must be more than two women on the planet who look like different ages, sizes, shapes, heights and weights in two photographs side-by-side. There's only one person left that fits that bill hasn't been invented yet. My mum came down after seeing me last year. When she saw me doing the gig, she went, oh, John, congratulations, mate. You've lost weight since the last show. Thank you for noticing. Yeah, yeah. So I made a decision, right? When I see my mam more often, I need to lose less weight. Because my mam comes over once every few years. And when my mam sees me doing the gig, she says exactly the same thing each and every single time, doesn't she? Which means that technically speaking, if we assume consistency, theoretically speaking, I haven't actually lost anything, have I? Because I weigh the same amount every time my mother sees me. That's amazing, isn't it? That is absolutely incredible. In fact, if we work our maths out correctly, according to theoretical physics, logically speaking, I am currently losing weight faster than Usain Bolt runs. Yeah, that's amazing. That's fantastic. No, seriously, though, I will try and diet properly soon, alright? I promise you that. I am working towards that goal. The problem is is that whenever you stop drinking alcohol for quite a long period of time you realize how little social interaction you require to survive. Like I didn't even miss it until I started missing it. But before lockdown obviously I used to drink socially occasionally sometimes too much but now I stopped and I realized what happened to me was I found myself becoming one of those people who thinks that other men who drink don't understand anything at all about life whatsoever. A lot of my friends told me they're stopping smoking during the lockdown. They said they're giving up cigarettes completely. I think that's great, don't worry about that. But what they also did while they were quitting tobacco, they decided to quit booze as well. And there's always one guy among us that decides he's gonna give everything up cold turkey. Well, this particular fella gave everything up without telling his wife first. He sent his wife an email titled, 'Giving Up Booze'. All it said inside the body of the text message was, ''Just wanted to let you know that I'm giving up booze.'' His wife replied immediately and wrote back, ''Give it up!'' This bloke's name is Dave, by the way. He lives near Birmingham. Anyway, I hope you enjoy this final bit of material from Dave himself. Here we go. Here we go. Hi, hello, hi, hi, yes, please. Hello, my name's Darren, but everybody calls me Dazza. Right, so I live near Brum, Birmingham area, you know. Not far away from Castle Bromwich, lovely place, nice people, beautiful houses, wonderful schools, excellent football team, Aston Villa Football Club. We play Birmingham City FC, but nobody cares about them, do they? Good, carry on laughing. Carry on. We laugh in Alabama. Do you remember what happened earlier in the pandemic when we kept hearing the phrase stay alert keep yourselves safe stick to the rules protect others stay safe stay home save lives that meant nothing to me till I tried staying sober hello my names darren but everybody calls me dazza and this is my story okay i lived in a house with three lads and we loved having parties and nights out together as young fellas but deep down we knew that one day we weren't going to be able to continue living like that anymore so we all made a pact amongst ourselves we said right listen we'll wait till one of us gets married then whoever marries first leaves the house he moves out he gives us £1,000 cash handover and we leave him alone forever we won't bother him ever again that sounded fair enough that seemed reasonable now fast forward couple of months later one of my best mates Steve got engaged and we're sitting round celebrating and we're thinking happy days we're going to split up and move into better accommodation we're going to divide all the household bills between four instead of five we're going to upgrade all the TVs in the living room we're going to double glaze the windows we're going to install air conditioning units everywhere and put a Jacuzzi in the middle of the kitchen floor and then suddenly reality hit me hard as hell I realised I was never going to marry because I'm gay. It took me six weeks to pluck up the courage to come out to the boys in the house. I finally managed to muster up the confidence to sit them down and break the news to them and I said, guys, I've got something important to tell you. Guys, guys, guys, I've got something important to tell you. I sat them down, broke the news to them, and I said, guys, I've got something important to tell you. I've got something important to tell you. Guys, I'm sorry to say this, but I'm afraid I'm gay. One of them turned to me and he said, what are you talking about? How dare you call yourself gay? I'm straight, and I bet I'm straighter than most of the people in this country. What I mean by that is I hate all forms of music except ABBA. I love watching Coronation Street. I fancy Marmite. I voted Leave in the referendum. I like listening to classical music. And I prefer eating plain digestive biscuits over chocolate digestives. As you can probably tell, I wasn't ready to come out and admit that I fancied Marmite. Thanks very much for coming tonight. Have a great night. Goodbye.