I'm just getting older.  What's happening? I don't know what it is about being an adult that makes you realize how ridiculous everything is.  It was like when my dad told me to put on some lip balm because my lips were all dry.  And then he tried to kiss his granddaughter goodbye while wearing lip gloss.  That was crazy. That was insane.  My parents both wear hearing aids now so they're deaf as well  and i'll be walking down the hallway with them and there will be one other person in the house too maybe even two but only ever three people at any given time  i mean we could invite more if we really wanted to yeah yeah uh-huh nope let's do this yes ma'am thank you ma'am sir yes sir um excuse me miss sorry i didn't hear you say anything yet  so here's what happens every single day without fail  it's always the same thing it goes exactly like this.  The first guy walks into the room and talks and everyone hears him fine.  Then suddenly out of nowhere another person comes around the corner  my mom looks up from her book she says hello nobody else heard her till she yelled over everybody did that happen anybody else get caught off guard by that lady yelling?  Yeah, that happened.  So then she gets mad.  She yells across the entire apartment complex at the top of her lungs,  hey! You missed me!  Because apparently she thinks someone stole her moment in life.  This woman misses conversations.  We can't go anywhere together anymore.  We can't walk through public spaces without her breaking character.  Like yesterday we walked past a homeless man who had been dead for weeks.  She saw him lying there said hey buddy huh look at this poor guy right over here oh my god jesus christ he's sick that poor dude okay anyway let's keep going honey bye-bye see you later bye-bye you guys take care bye-bye goodnight sweetie love you bye-bye  No idea why i brought those lip balms back  we need these things  they're very important  but nothing irritates me quite like lip balm though  the worst part is that there's no warning before somebody shoves lip balm in your face  there's never a heads up there's no foreshadowing whatsoever it's just bang lips shut it's terrible  you should not shove lip balm in anyone's mouth unannounced  that would drive anybody nuts except for women because women already hate us for no reason.  They wake up in the morning looking beautiful.  When I woke up today, I looked like a raccoon trying to strangle himself.  All right, ladies, I think that's enough.