I'll tell you one thing I've noticed recently, which is that some of these coffee shops have got completely made it for themselves with their staff, haven't they? And what's happened? They're really enthusiastic about working there now aren't they? Do you know those places where every member of staff has been put on performance enhancing drugs? They just can't wait to get out from behind the counter any more can they? If you go into them today like this right they come up at you yeah i'm sorry did you see me coming because i had my eyes closed i was so excited to be here oh man yes please could i also have a chocolate muffin no not chocolate brownie we don't do muffins mate all right all right well if i may say so then we don't do brownies either but... But... Oh, God! Okay! So it's going to cost £2.25, okay? Oh, I am broke! So I need two sugars, thank you very much. What kind of milk would you recommend? Almond, coconut or oat? Okay, fine. Skimmed will do. Can I pay by contactless card? No, seriously though guys, I think some of our young people might be taking things too far. Like I saw an advert last year for Costa Coffee and they were advertising a job as a part-time barista and apparently one of the qualifications required was to speak English fluently. Now I thought that was quite unnecessary myself cos obviously most customers want to order something simple. Something along the lines of give us a bagel thanks or make me a flat white right but let's face facts shall we you'd still expect to hear someone speaking english when you walk through the door wouldn't you? Instead they open mouthed like what did she just say oh god he didn't mean anything by that love she means nothing by it absolutely nothing she meant a lot by it honestly because uh actually i should explain before i start talking about costa coffee i should explain um i used to work for them full time. Well I worked for them until they sacked me after three months because I kept falling asleep at the till. It wasn't even during busy periods either. Just whenever anyone came to collect their free drink voucher, I seemed to nod off. Anyway, the reason why I bring this story to your attention tonight is because shortly before being fired, I remember having words with one of my colleagues. She said to me, she went, Tanya, how long does it take you to fall asleep? And I replied, well, Amy, it depends upon whether or not you're telling the truth, doesn't it? Because if you're lying, I won't sleep again for another six years. That joke fell flatter than a scone without cream, unfortunately. Unfortunately, I found out afterwards that the phrase'six years' is commonly known within the industry as the amount of time it takes to become a manager at Costa Coffee. So I guess technically I'm doing alright. Thank you very much indeed. Good night everyone. See you next time. Bye-bye.