So I'll be real with you guys, okay? Like, I've had an amazing year, but it's been like one of those years where everything has gone right for me, which is kind of boring to talk about, so... But what happened was... I started dating someone last October. And we're still together! Yeah! And my mum saw us kissing on her phone because she saved our WhatsApp conversation from when we first met up after four months at home in case there would ever come a time that she needed to show people proof that I'd actually done something good with myself this decade. She just kept going over there like, oh look, girls, she's got somebody now. I'm not gonna lie though, it did take some pressure off things. Because before lockdown, if anything had gone wrong or had ended between me and anyone else, I knew I could always go back to the old reliable option, my dad. He came out during lockdown, thank God he did. It wasn't planned either. He didn't mean to do it. It just sort of slipped his mind. Because, yeah, thanks very much. That means a lot coming from you. Yeah, so Dad came out during lockdown. And he said, sorry, I know I should have told you sooner than lockdown, but I couldn't tell you earlier because I am bisexual and then gay and also straight because sometimes men make me feel alive inside but they don't necessarily want to get naked with me um and i thought well if everyone around me knows that apart from my own family who might judge me all i can say is my sister hasn't stopped calling me steve since i think uh yeah it's nice being gay it's nice having daddy issues i'm sure it's fine but i appreciate you saying it's nice no it really isn't it's horrible living through trauma every day um i went online once i joined the whole world wide web thing and i put i was bi and i realized how many different types of bisexuals there were. There was post-op transsexual bisexuality, non-binary bisexuality, pan sexual bisexuality and then my favourite one, bio-sexualism. Which essentially means if you meet them twice, both times will end in sex. So dangerous. It was interesting getting into relationships again, especially in the bedroom, because I realised I had quite specific preferences sexually speaking. Specifically, I only respond to women, but they must sound like men while doing it. That way, I can pretend I'm cheating on my girlfriend without feeling guilty. Thanks lads, cheers. One thing that I do miss from the pre-lockdown days is traveling abroad. Like, I used to live in Amsterdam for five years. Lovely city. Very liberal place. Some of the best weed shops in Europe. Very progressive, but it does seem to attract its fair share of tourists, doesn't it? The ones you see walking down the street looking confused wondering why the locals keep staring at their man buns. They're always asking questions too. They're like, hey mate, why do you call your f***ing sausage meat frikadellen instead of sausages like we do back home? Why don't you use the word vagina anymore? Is it rude to ask if you've finished using the bidet? How come you smoke crack and cocaine even though most of you work in customer service? What happened to your hugging culture anyway? Why do you prefer to fist bump each other these days? Amsterdamers are always like, excuse me sir, why do you wear shorts everywhere including church, school and funerals? If you walk outside wearing socks and sandals, aren't you worried people will mistake you for a pirate and throw fruit at you? Weird question, but what happens to the children born in Amsterdam if both parents leave the country? Do they become wards of the state until they grow up enough to move away themselves? And finally, if you walk along any canal in Amsterdam, why do half the houses appear to have two doors side by side, whereas only the second door opens onto a balcony overlooking the water? Whereas the first door leads directly into the house itself? A Dutch friend of mine explained it recently. He said, Steve, if you knock on the first front door, nobody answers. Second front door? House party till midnight. You might wanna bring some wine. Oh man, that joke killed. Thanks so much. Thank you. Thank you very much. My life changed forever this week. This past weekend, I became a father. And obviously I'm extremely happy and proud and excited and nervous and scared shitless. Thank you, that was lovely. But I never wanted kids growing up. Never, never, never. Never, ever. Growing up, my friends would have babies and playmats and baby clothes and little cots next to double beds. As soon as I heard them cry, I felt threatened by their existence, you know? But I've become one of them. I've become one of those guys who owns a pushchair, which I hate. Pushchairs suck. Pushchairs break easily. Pushchairs hold you up in traffic more often than they help you navigate it faster. Everyone hates pushing a pram. Even my mother-in-law loves her prams. She goes round town shopping for her grandkids' birthday presents in her bloody mobility scooter. She thinks it makes her look cool. All the other mums love pulling their single prams behind them. I swear to god the only reason they prefer single prams is because it allows them to carry one handbag full of breast pumps and makeup mirrors rather than the ridiculous amount of stuff you need to lug around with a double buggy. Double buggies are truly awful. Firstly, they are massive. Second point, secondly, they cost £300 quid minimum, thirdly they fold up into three separate pieces that weigh more than a toddler does unaided. Fourth, fourthly, they are designed incorrectly meaning the cup holder is positioned above your head level making you drive around town spilling hot drinks down yourself. Fifth and final point fifthly sixthly seventh eighth ninth tenth eleventh twelfth thirteenth fourteenth fifteenth sixteenth seventeenth eighteenth nineteenth twentieth twenty-first twenty-second thirty-third forty-fourth forty-fifth fifty-sixth fifty-seventh fifty-eighth fifty-ninth sixty-one sixty-two sixty-three sixty-four sixty-five sixty-six sixty-seven sixty-eight sixty-nine seventy-oh. Sixty-eight, I'm sorry, you've lost me. Sorry, yeah, I'm exhausted, it's bedtime already. Look, seriously, stop laughing, listen to my set, it's worth it. Seriously though, honestly, stop laughing. Okay, let me start this again properly, please, please, stop it, stop it, laugh, laugh, haha, ha-ha, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-h