I'll tell you who's my least favourite person to see when I'm at the gym, okay? It is those f***ing guys that do their bicep curls with their palms facing forward so they can show off how big their biceps look on camera from behind. Okay? Yeah! You know what I mean? Like this! What an absolute c**t move right yeah like it's not even about building strength or muscle size for them right now it's purely just vanity and ego right because they want everyone else around the gym to be aware of just how big their fucking arms are and then you got to wonder why these boys aren't dating either i don't think anyone would ever go out with somebody doing bicep curls with their palms facing towards themselves you're going to scare everybody away man just scary uh-uh look at me i've been working hard every day i haven't missed one single leg day since last year so many red flags there but i suppose if we could turn back time maybe he'd be perfect for someone very specific he'd have all her family photos framed up by his fridge door um oh my god he doesn't eat meat does she love him so much no thank you sir i am way too intelligent for you okay you're absolutely insane but if you were looking for some kind of soulmate level relationship, like a wife or something like that... ...do yourself a favour, get married to a guy that does his dumbbell rows with both hands gripping the same end of the barbell. He will treat you incredibly well, yes? He won't care about appearances, he won't be bothered about fitness and diet, he won't give a s**t about whether your body fat percentage is two per cent or twenty percent. The only thing that matters is being able to carry everything together. That's how marriage should work. One person carrying all the other stuff. Do you agree with me on that one? No? Well let's try another question shall we? Have you ever seen anybody doing deadlifts where they bend down really low and lift the weight all the way up above their head without once touching anything else apart from the ends of the weights? Yeah? Alright. Have you ever wondered afterwards? How did that dickhead manage to put that thing anywhere near any part of their body? How did they get it in? It defies logic and physics. Just pure magic happening before our eyes. What sorcery is this? They must be keeping their dicks in pockets deep within their upper thighs. Just pull it out whenever duty calls. But honestly speaking, I hate seeing deadlifters more than anything else while I'm at the gym. Because whoever invented deadlifting was clearly trying to prove that women shouldn't vote. Like, I genuinely believe that if men had done their fair share of lifting heavy shit throughout history, feminism wouldn't have happened today. There's no doubt whatsoever. If we saw more men bending down extremely low picking things up over their heads everywhere we went, female suffrage would never have taken place. We can agree on that. Can we? Yes, good, we're having a lovely little chat here tonight. My name is Tom Lucy. Thank you very much. Good night.