I was just traveling recently.  And I had this really gnarly adventure with my luggage because it got left behind by American Airlines in Chicago O'Hare airport.  Yeah! Yeah! And you know how that works? Because they're always like, we'll get your bags to you as soon as possible!  It's not even their fault. It wasn't anyone at American Airline's fault. There were three people who messed up my bag getting home.  First person was me when I went through security because I didn't check all of my electronics into one bin so half them came out here and then  second guy was an agent named Bob who took his break during my flight time which is why he gave himself only six minutes to get everything ready before boarding started  and third person was another man working for american airlines name steve steves job was supposed to be watching over my bag while bob did those things but instead what happened is after i put my suitcase down he picked it up and walked away with it  i'm talking about steve here guys. This has been steve's whole entire set right now. Just walking around doing nothing.  So I get there, no problem. I go straight to baggage claim, find my bag, pull it off, start putting shit back inside.  That's when I realized two things simultaneously. First thing I realize is I don't remember packing these shoes.  Which means I forgot to take them off when I checked my bag. That's number one. Number two, where's my backpack?  I think someone stole my backpack. So panic mode hits, call the airline, explain what happened.  They send somebody from the ground crew out to search for it. She finds it immediately, brings it back, apologizes profusely.  Everything's good. Now let's do our final scan. We're gonna make sure everything else matches up.  Nope, something missing again. Call the airline once more. They can't help us anymore. Send a supervisor out.  He comes out and he says, well, sometimes if a piece of equipment malfunctions, we might lose some stuff along the way.  If I may suggest, sir, please come with me. You've already missed your plane.  But I want to give you $200 worth of travel vouchers. Have dinner on us tonight.  How does that sound? Well, thank you very much, Mr. Supervisor. Thank you.  What would happen next is I'd buy myself dinner. Then I'd use the rest of those dollars to pay for UberEats.  Now, I thought this whole night couldn't possibly end worse than it already had.  Then the driver arrived, opens the trunk, puts both of our suitcases in there, slams it shut.  We jump in, drive five miles north. He turns around. I'm looking at him going, hey buddy, we gotta go south.  This isn't happening. Why aren't we going south?