I was thinking about my last date.  It's not going well.  And I thought that would be like a good starting point to talk about it because we can all relate to bad dates, right?  Like if you've been on one recently, there's nothing better than sharing your misery with somebody else.  That is why reality TV is so popular.  Because they're just shows where people share their horrible lives with other people.  We love watching them go through shit, don't we? And then at the end we think yeah she deserved that actually no i still fancy him he looks nice  that's how it works but anyway uh i was talking to this guy called samantha which isn't his real name by the way  i'm gonna call him something different when i tell you what happened but um samantha um turns out he wasn't Samantha.  He had given me a false identity.  Turned out his real name was Ian.  Which doesn't quite fit the vibe does it now i mean look at the photo here see how handsome he looks yes do you know who wouldn't look like that oh some very tall men that's who  but i didn't find out until later  we met up as planned went back to mine had a few drinks got drunk really quick  and from being absolutely hammered i became completely sober again  because at some stage during the night this man took off his clothes, jumped into an open window, climbed down the side of my house onto the roof next door  I remember looking over seeing him doing this thing I'd only ever seen done before on Game of Thrones, you know what I mean?  Where Jon Snow climbs across dragons.  So I turned around to say hello.  Just sort of looked over there, saw the top half of his naked body climbing away from me.  Looked down to make sure I could ignore everything below that level, except his dick was pointing straight at me  he did not care it was a moment  so i decided the best course of action would be to pretend that i hadn't seen anything  um i tried everything to avoid eye contact  i kept glancing over there trying not to laugh  it reminded me of that scene in Borat where he gets caught shagging that sheep  you know the bit where he tries to hide behind her neck, but keeps getting found out?  Yeah, same situation here.  Then suddenly, out of nowhere, he shouted...  What time will you put the light on please?