If you're an introvert, just think of it this way, I'm not being aggressive, right? You've got to be nice because there's always someone at work who wants to tell you about their dog. I don't know why that happens but they will let you know what happened with them on Friday night before the meeting starts like we have some stuff going on for sure my name is Jeff by the way okay no one cares so if i were you i'd stop trying i mean look around huh but anyway uh so um yeah so i used to live in new york city and i went back last year oh man i didn't realize how much i missed it until i was there again and then immediately after that i moved to los angeles which is fun too because now when people ask me where do you live i get to say either or and everyone loves that answer i love living out west though i really enjoy it i also hate it because every time i fly east i go through security and they pat down my crotch twice because I am now considered suspicious and I did nothing wrong and they should apologize personally but instead they just slap the shit out of me both times so... Okay, next question! What brings us together today? Oh, wow. This guy knows he has to make small talk before he asks his question. He could be asking anything. Why would I care? Maybe he does want to know about his dog! What do you need to hear about him? Is he missing teeth? Has he been eating grass lately? No more than three seconds. This is why it goes well over four minutes. Because they try to break the ice, which means conversation initiation. So, I'll give you two examples of bad questions from these corporate icebreaker meetings. The first one, ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, why are you single? And then number two, what makes you tick? That is a stupid question. It sounds good, but what kind of person thinks those words sound cool coming off of their lips? Who among us thought this up? Weirdo number one must have said something crazy because weirdo number two wrote this down in her notes. Like she never met a dude named David. But here's the thing. If you ever ask anyone in real life, you will find out exactly why they are single. It doesn't take long. They usually start talking pretty quickly into the conversation. They might even bring it up themselves sometimes. One woman told me on our second date. She had her legs crossed and everything, and she looks at me and says... Here comes the truth bomb, guys. She says, all right, here's the deal. I'm single because I recently broke up with somebody else. Okay, we're already halfway to answersville. We can keep pushing forward. She continues. And part of the reason why I split with my ex-boyfriend was that he wanted children. I don't wanna have kids. Boom. Truth bomb landed. I felt my nuts tighten in fear. I was like, hold on, ma'am, slow down. That's awfully quick information dump. Don't leave me hanging without any followup questions, madam. Wait till later tonight, sir. All right? Thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it. Also, if anybody tells you about their dogs during sex, red flag alert, throw your underwear away. Red flag alert. Red flag alert. Why aren't men allowed to wear dresses anymore? Can we change that rule? Can we allow dudes to rock some flowy fabrics while they play catch with the kiddos? Let's put the boys in tutus, let's see what they do, huh? Dude, you gotta check yourself before you wreck yourself, bro. All right, you heard it. The dress code applies to everybody equally across the board, regardless of gender identity or expression. Alright, thank you. Thanks for laughing along. My name is John Crist. Have a great rest of your day. Bye-bye.