I just got out of an open office space meeting.  Open office spaces where you sit at tables with other people who work there like it's a library study area but everyone wears suits  And I don't know if anyone here has been to one before they're kind of weird because every time we go into one we realize that no matter how much money your company makes nobody actually works anymore right?  It's just people sitting around eating cereal looking at their phones scrolling through Twitter waiting for something interesting enough to happen so they can write another blog post about it  We were all trying to get rid of our cubicles and then someone realized why do we need rooms alone to think when we could share them with six other people?  So now instead of having a room to myself, I'm sharing this table with three other guys. One is snoring very loudly, which is annoying.  The others won't wake him up even though he's sleeping with his mouth open.  That was my first thought when I saw him sleep. That was my initial reaction.  Because I've never met anybody whose face looks exactly like their body.  What's going on? Is that what happens if you eat too many sandwiches as a child?  Is that how nature dries up your personality?  Just like everything else.  He fell asleep while playing solitaire.  All of us at different times fall asleep doing things we didn't mean to be doing for long periods of time.  Like you'll watch an hour-long show thinking two minutes will pass watching it and nothing more than that will ever come from it.  But sometimes you might accidentally read Wikipedia pages on topics you had absolutely no interest in until you started reading those pages.  Did you know that sea otters hold hands together in groups at night to keep themselves warm?  They're not able to generate heat internally so without these little human-like chains they'd freeze to death.  Now imagine being part of one of those chains. Just clinging to some stranger like the only thing keeping me alive is his cold clammy hand squeezing mine tight.  Every morning you look over and say good morning buddy hope you slept well and he wakes up says yes same to you Jimmy i guess yeah maybe a little bit wet from last night's group hug  i did not expect that but anyway moving on uh so there was four of us seated in front of the man snoring  and one of the guys next to me starts talking about whether or not his computer monitor should be horizontal or vertical.  And I want to address this question directly because as somebody who doesn't care either way, I feel like I deserve the answer to both questions.  In short, horizontal. Because there's less screen real estate lost that way.  When you make it vertical, half of the screen goes unused.  There's a lot of wasted pixels staring back at you, begging you to use them for something fun and entertaining.  Instead, you turn your whole desktop sideways, wasting an entire quadrant of content on the internet.  Or maybe you turn your laptop upside down and hit print on that report due tomorrow at noon.  You gotta be careful, man. You gotta stay sharp.  Don't let technology lull you into complacency, okay?  Vertical monitors waste space vertically.  Horizontal ones save space horizontally.  And if you really wanted to maximize your productivity, put your phone on its side.  If you put your phone on its side, there's more stuff above the keyboard and below it.  More text messages! More emails!  Yes! And... No. Yes!