I've been seeing this thing that's happened, where my mum has started sending me messages on her phone with these little pictures she calls emojis. Do you know what an emoji is? It's like one of those pictures you can send to someone when you're trying to convey meaning without actually saying anything. So it makes sense because I'm not allowed to say certain things so now instead of coming out with all sorts of terrible comebacks or insults that would really hurt people if they were said aloud... ...she'll just send them via pictogram. That was nice wasn't it? Yeah but there's no escape from it though is there because even at work i get them sometimes from customers right well we have got some quite rude people working for us which isn't ideal uh. But um anyway i don't mind being sent rude comments by customers at work because most times they mean something completely different than what they look like, right? They usually end up looking innocent, yeah? Like recently I had somebody complain about our food hygiene standards and then sign off their complaint email with a smiling poop icon. Right, how does that make any kind of sense? What's going through his head, eh? He must be thinking, oh, yes, it will only take two weeks maximum before I am forced into exile. Thank you very much. And also, thank you for having me. That means a lot. It doesn't matter whether you agree with everything I say, it's the fact that you let me say it that matters. Oh, and also, you might want to think twice next time you put chicken in the oven. What did he expect me to do with that information? Put it on Facebook? Give him five stars? No wonder why fast-food places go bankrupt. Weirdos. Honestly, customer service used to be a job for friendly old men who'd give out free chocolate coins, remember those guys? Now it's weirdo teenagers who tell you you should f*** yourself. Really? Really? You want to fight? Let's f***ing see! No wonder we're losing wars! Can we please bring back good manners? People need to stop getting angry over Twitter, okay? Just calm down. Just breathe. Take three deep breaths. If you still feel annoyed after taking three deep breaths, ask yourself this question. Would Jesus tweet? Answer honestly. He wouldn't, would he? Because Jesus loved everyone equally. And that's not gonna play in 140 characters, okay? Or whatever it is nowadays. Don't judge me based on my generation. Don't confuse me with millennials. They invented something called ghosting. Has anyone heard of ghosting? Yeah? When you text someone and you decide to cut contact with them forever, you just sort of pretend they never existed. Someone once ghosted me and I ended up crying myself to sleep every night for nine days straight. I couldn't deal with it. I kept ringing home asking my nan, Nan, do you think anybody wants me? She said, course they do love. How do you explain millennial dating to older generations? Okay, imagine you went for dinner with your partner and halfway through the meal, you both decided to break up permanently, alright? Then you finish the rest of your meal together alone, but pretending you hate each other. Eventually the waiter comes round and asks for your dessert preferences. One person says ice cream, the other person says pie. But neither of you eat either. Just sit there staring at each other in silence until eventually you pay separately and leave the restaurant. All because you didn't want to share a plate of profiteroles. Imagine sharing profiteroles with an ex-boyfriend? Horrors. My friend broke up with his girlfriend last year and he rang me afterwards, distraught. Told me he wanted to kill himself. I told him, mate, chillax, relax, calm down, calm down. Jesus loves everybody. Put the gun away. The police won't understand the intricacies of Tinder relationships. There'll always be another boyfriend. Have you ever tried online dating? Do you know what online dating is? It's where grown adults swipe left or right across their phones in order to find a soulmate. Somebody once swiped too far to the left and accidentally killed themselves. Swiping too far to the left. Can you believe it? Swiping too far to the right kills birds. In between, however, lies true love. Who knew? Anyway, I haven't found mine yet. The problem with online dating is you meet lots of jerks along the way. This guy messaged me on Tinder and asked me if I liked being raped. Raped. R-A-P-E-D. Not raped, but definitely open-minded, thanks. Another jerk wrote, Hey babe, hey babe, guess what? Guess what? My favourite position is doggy style. Doggy style. Doggy style. Well, we could start there. Or maybe somewhere else entirely. Why not try sitting down first, darling? You look nervous. Why don't we try kneeling? Are you sure you want to talk about sex? Sex is everywhere, innit? Even children learn about it at school now. Kids get taught stuff about biology and science lessons, even learning about human reproduction. Which is great. Except for the fact that kids are taught about human reproduction through a cartoon bee flying around a flower. That's exactly what happens. A cartoon bee flies around a flower, gets pollinated by pollen and suddenly becomes pregnant and gives birth to a baby. Yes, that's absolutely scientifically accurate. Yes, that's biologically correct. Of course, bees have nothing to do with making babies whatsoever, but the teacher thinks it'll help them relate to the lesson better. But surely, if we teach children sexual education correctly, we'd educate boys properly on female anatomy, girls on male anatomy and vice versa. Boys, listen carefully. From the waist down, women have a hole in the front and a flap in the back. Flap goes forward, covers the hole, voila, vagina covered. Girls, listen carefully. From the waist down, men have a long thin dick. Dick dips in and out of vagina and you cum. Easy peasy lemon squeezy. It worked for my dad, it works for me. A couple years ago I came close to finding my perfect match. Her name was Emma. Emma was lovely. We spoke on WhatsApp for four hours non-stop. At one point during our conversation I realised that Emma lived literally ten minutes walking distance from my flat. Ten minutes! If I met her later tonight, tomorrow morning I could wake up next to a woman I genuinely fell in love with within seven months. Seven months! Because scientists say you need seven months to fall deeply in love with someone you barely know. Genuinely falling in love with someone you barely know. That's when they call it limerence. L-I-M-E-R-E-N-C-E. Limerence. Now pronounce it like you mean it, otherwise it sounds silly. Anyway, I walked her home, we kissed outside her house door and made plans to meet again soon. The day arrived, I waited nervously outside her office building waiting till she finished work. Finally she emerged, looked beautiful as usual and gave me a kiss hello. Afterwards we headed home, talked more, laughed more, felt ourselves getting closer and closer towards intimacy. Before long we stood facing each other naked side-by-side, ready to join body parts together forevermore. As I reached over to embrace her, I noticed that the top part of her body resembled that of a mannequin. A wax dummy wearing high heels and fishnets. Not my cup of tea, sorry. Still, I thought, perhaps we can change each other somehow. Maybe I can turn her into a real lady while she turns me into a real gentleman. Alas, she whispered a single sentence that shattered my dreams forever. Mum, you're welcome.