I do think it's worth saying though, this is not just an issue with the tech itself.  It feels like part of the problem here, I don't know if any other women will agree with me, but every time we go online to complain about anything at all, there seems to be someone who wants us to shut up and get back into the kitchen.  And then they say sorry afterwards, which suggests that maybe they're being paid by the brand anyway? Or maybe it's just something men want to hear?  Either way, less annoying than these chatbots.  These AI things, you've seen them around.  They'll pop up in your browser sometimes when you least expect them.  What happened was I had been shopping online because I'm broke as shit now  and so I went onto my favourite website H&M um and I ordered some clothes okay and uh yeah very exciting times ahead  but then what happens next is that later on, right after work today i came home took off my uniform put on those lovely new trousers thank u h&m  i looked myself over nice pair of shoes really pulling everything together taking selfies looking fabulous getting ready to post photos online  when suddenly out of nowhere i see two little boxes appear from nothing at all  right above where my selfie should have gone instead were these words oh no did you order recently  so yes i said yes how dare you question me i am a woman  oh wait no that didn't happen at all what actually happened is i clicked through and got sent straight to their customer service page  where it asked me why i couldn't find what i wanted and i wrote back and said look mate relax i found it easy peasy thanks very much  we both need a chill pill  they respond by asking if they can help further  which made me feel uncomfortable  like you'd be better off giving me unsolicited advice, wouldn't you?  Because I could tell straight away that this person, whoever this person was behind this screen, needed therapy more than anyone else  because it became clear that even though she apologized twice before sending her final response, she still hadn't learned how to apologize properly  She ended our conversation writing stuff like she was sorry for not having enough sizes available and she felt terrible about only offering credit card payments  Oh poor baby. We live in a world where people use Bitcoin!  Like, grow up! It's fine. You guys don't owe me anything.