I'm from Texas, so you know that's not true. But I'll tell you what is true about me. This is my first time doing this show where I've never done one before. And it's terrifying because like every other comic on stage right now has been around for years and they're good at their job but i haven't even started mine yet which means everything can go wrong tonight all of these jokes could bomb if there was an actual bomb here then things would get really interesting real quick huh real quick yeah yeah okay um i don't have any bombs so no thank you guys keep trying to make us laugh uh i won't be making anyone laugh unfortunately i think the biggest issue we face today though is politics man it gets crazy sometimes honestly just talking about politics makes me feel like two old people arguing over whose turn it is to use the walker do you mean to say that our president isn't cool he doesn't walk with his cane? You want to call him granny? Listen up! What were you saying earlier? Oh, you got something smart to say? Well, well, well! Look who thinks they're gonna talk down to me! Okay, fine, Granny. Have it your way. But when I see a Mexican guy driving a Chevy truck... Hey, hey, hey! He ain't Mexican, boy! That's American car culture! Oh, oh, oh, come on now, look how white your knuckles are getting. All right, let's try again. All right, listen up, everybody. Let's start fresh. We love our country. Who loves America? Everybody! Okay. Now... Nope, still too much hate coming out of you. I need somebody with less attitude issues than both of y'all combined. Somebody who hasn't realized that neither side wins arguments, only bystanders win arguments. Alright? So stop fighting. It's kind of hard to take sides nowadays, especially after seeing some of those political ads. What's going through their heads while creating them? Like, I saw one recently featuring Joe Biden, and the narrator said, quote, Joe Biden wants more taxes for Social Security. Now, why would they ever put that line in the ad? They should have instead gone with something more accurate, such as, quote, Joe Biden believes everyone deserves access to healthcare. Or better yet, quote, Joe Biden thinks Medicare should cover dental work. That'd be more relatable. We can relate to that. We can also understand that's impossible. This next bit goes back to my hometown of Houston, Texas. It starts off simple enough. So basically, whenever I used to hang out with friends growing up, we always had to decide whether or not to wear deodorant in the summer months. And usually, depending on outside temperatures, we wouldn't bother wearing antiperspirants during warmer weather. The reason being is we didn't sweat that bad until the late spring and early fall seasons. During those times, we could finally apply regular ol' soap once more without feeling like we smelt like a stink bomb went off inside of ourselves. However, we did find out firsthand last year during Hurricane Harvey that having body odor wasn't the least of our concerns regarding personal hygiene. Like, remember how that storm flooded almost half of Houston, causing thousands upon thousands of homes to flood? Well, imagine living in one of those houses. Imagine waking up, thinking you smell pretty terrible already due to not showering since Saturday night. Then suddenly hearing news reports stating that the water levels aren't receding fast enough. And by evening hours, you realize you gotta evacuate soonest possible, and you only brought your toothbrush and hair gel with you. How refreshing does a nice cold shower sound right now? Just throw open those windows wide, baby girl! Feel the breeze blow away the funk. If anything else happens to us personally later in life, just remind yourselves that hurricanes will bring you closer together as family members. Remember how great it felt walking into grandma's house for Thanksgiving dinner knowing she washed her hands thoroughly beforehand? Not so funny anymore, eh? Also, please help families affected by natural disasters with donations. Thank you very much. My name is Kevin Nealon. Thank you.