I was on the way to go to this job interview, right? And I got stuck behind one of those cars that just drives along with its hazard lights going off because it's broken down. And there were people trying to get past me like they're more important than everybody else or something. It wasn't even like rush hour either you know when nobody's in a hurry then you have all these entitled drivers who think their lives depend on them getting somewhere quickly i'm sorry excuse me thank you very much you can keep driving okay thanks so much bye yeah anyway uh-huh no seriously what kind of dickhead does that um oh but let me tell you how my day started alright before we go any further into this story um let me paint a picture about where I live in London if anyone doesn't know alright basically I live near Heathrow Airport now don't look up at me judging me like a little girl thinking I should be living anywhere other than around an airport because I work really hard to afford this lifestyle you know? So... I used to work in customer service which is why I'm always nice to everyone here tonight because I've been around enough drunk idiots to realise life's too short to give out abuse so carry on carrying on do whatever you want just leave me alone alright take care night see you later all right bye-bye well good evening everyone hi hello welcome to Comedy Central presents Kevin Duggan come on guys listen I'll tell you about my job as well I used to work in customer services now some of us know what that means if you didn't clap louder, I won't explain.
Okay? Okay?
So, someone called me from South Africa today. Yeah, please laugh. You know what? To be fair to him, he did call me, so...
But she rang me, she phoned me from South Africa.
And she goes, hello, may I speak to Mr. Douglas, please?
I said, actually, my name is not Dougles. My real surname's Duggan, by the way.
She went, Oh, I am so terribly sorry! What is your first name?
 No problem at all, miss. But also, I couldn't help but notice that you had such a strong accent for a country located below the equator. Where exactly are you calling from?
 And she went, oh no, I must correct you, sir.
I'm not fat. My body mass index is exactly what it says on my driving license.
And then my date stood up, turned to me and said... Okay? You can't say that about Jewish people.
 She turns around and goes, hey, you seem quite confident talking to her. Why don't we try it and see how it goes?
-  Now obviously I hadn't written anything down, right, because if somebody starts chatting me up in front of another person, especially after saying stuff earlier in conversation, right, I need to make sure I remember everything.
So I just go like, yeah, all right! But then my mum always used to say, never argue with someone who's buying you dinner.
Even though she would have been happy to see me arguing.
So what I do is when he comes over, which by the way was lovely.
Right? But what I did was I turned into the world's worst detective ever.
So I go, oh no, you're coming on too strong. And then I pull out my notebook from behind his back.
It's like Columbo, but instead of being old and drunk, it's just young and hungover.
 He looked at me like I'd gone mad. Like, what are you doing? Right? Then I turn back to him. I go, ah, yes, nothing. Just writing notes for a book I'm working on. Don't worry about it. Never mind. Thank you very much. All right?