I went on my first date recently, I'm proud to say it's going well so far with this one guy but I do have some experience of dating disasters thank you very much indeed.
It is quite an interesting thing about me being that age where I've had enough years now to sort of go out with people but still young enough that like when you meet someone new they think you're available immediately yeah right away uh-huh oh please don't be too excited guys i am taken i swear i will never ever marry again okay thanks very much keep laughing um because we're married couples tonight good man no seriously just give me two minutes before you laugh if he was really funny wouldn't there be more women around him by now come on stop it anyway no but I did go out with a woman once she turned up late we were supposed to meet at half past nine her car broke down then she phoned me from the pub across the road said can you pick us up from the other side which sounds nice except this is not how I see foreplay coming okay let's go back to what happened earlier shall we alright so she phones me and says can you get over here we'll wait in the bar while you park up outside take a look all right and I thought okay fine I'd better hurry up otherwise we might miss each other completely because you know what ladies time flies when you're having fun isn't it yes exactly so I rush over put the parking brake on cross the street walk into the door mind the step bust through the doors got straight up to reception turn round looked along the bar saw absolutely nothing resembling even vaguely like a female shape anywhere near the area called over to the staff mate does anyone know anything about these three people sat over in the corner talking amongst themselves looking suspiciously like they could potentially be female but honestly we haven't seen them I didn't expect such efficiency from Wetherspoons so off I trotted over to join those three men who claimed to be the only females present that evening and... (audience laughs)
Now whenever I tell that story I always finish it by saying we ended things soon after I mean obviously I couldn't trust her anymore right? And also I think maybe deep down inside I felt guilty for cheating on myself or whatever way you want to interpret it but I promise you the night still carried on regardless and we fucked both in fact I remember thinking afterwards wow she has amazing thighs what would happen if I asked her to run tomorrow morning I wonder why I shouldn't find out and guess what five days later we ran together six months later we moved in together eight months later we got engaged eleven months later we got married and four years ago today we welcomed our beautiful little girl Rosie into the world and I promised her mummy dad and baby Rosie we love you forever and every day.
So I sit next to them thinking maybe this is awkwardness that I need to break the ice to make things slightly easier perhaps. And I go hey girls hope you guys aren't missing me terribly? One of them turns to me goes, yeah, you mean Emily? Which I found a bit strange. But I guess everyone has their own way of doing things. What I find weird though is that she pronounced Emily Em-ily. And she spelled it E-M-I-L-Y. Just seems counterproductive doesn't it? If you want someone to believe you are a girl shouldn't you spell it Emmie or Amii? That's what I would have done myself actually.
And after several drinks later in the night, I finally plucked up the courage to ask her whether or not she fancied popping home with me for a bit of a shag and she replied, yeah, but next door already has a dog. Thanks for listening everyone.
You know sometimes you fall in love with somebody when you least expecting it? Okay? And that person turns out to be your best friend. And that friendship lasts forever. Because you learn together growing older. Laughing together. Crying together. F***ing together. But mostly f***ing. Mainly that.
I remember thinking why hasn't she told me? And she goes, oh darling, I couldn't tell you until I knew myself. Oh, darling, I couldn't tell you until I knew. She kept saying darling. It sounded like she was trying to persuade herself that our relationship wasn't doomed yet. So I asked her outright, I said, listen, I need honesty here. Is there another man involved? Now, if you're gonna lie to me, make sure it's believable, because I hate liars. Darling, honey, sweetie, no! No way.
So after about ten minutes of trying to make small talk with them, eventually a voice came out behind me saying, excuse me, sir, would you mind awfully stepping aside? We need to use the toilets! Oh, sorry. Right. Sorry. You want me to move, you must obviously be a lady. No, I mean, clearly you are. Clearly you are. Because you're telling me to f*** off, aren't you? That's why.
She wanted sex so bad that night that she actually pulled me upstairs onto a table where everyone else was enjoying their food and started doing oral sex on me until eventually we both came together now I love oral sex don't get me wrong I do love giving it more than receiving it personally but I didn't realise that I'd been given the full works okay, so I didn't bring any mouthwash or toothpaste.
And I remember thinking as I joined their little huddle, hey, maybe things aren't working between me and Laura after all. Maybe we should swap numbers.
And I remember thinking to myself what would any normal person in this situation do? They'd obviously run away screaming. So instead I thought let's make conversation. Let's try to break the ice shall we? How about we play a little game of guess who? That seemed like a safe bet so I started playing Guess Who with three complete strangers who I believed to be dudes. Just wanted to point out fellas I'm doing okay physically after that night apart from this black eye I got trying to escape from that place and I lost a toe. It has been lovely seeing everyone. Thank you. Have a great rest of your week.
I was born on the day of the opening ceremony of the Winter Olympics, that's why I skate so fast. That's why I ice dance. That's why I curl. It turns out everyone has their strengths and weaknesses. And mine happen to coincide with yours. Thank you very much! Enjoy the rest of your night! Goodbye!