I was flying to New York last year, I had two pieces of checked baggage with me because my mother doesn't like it when I wear new clothes so she sends them ahead with me just in case something terrible happens.
I got off the plane and went straight through customs onto the train that takes you from JFK airport into Manhattan where I live. So now we're on this train which is a long journey by the way this thing goes forever if you've never been before take some aspirin or something but anyway we're going along And then there's an announcement over the intercom saying would anyone who has left their bags unattended please come forward immediately
We don't know what happened they could have gone missing on one of those flights right oh i'm about to tell you all a very scary story actually i'm quite calm aren't i um nope no i mean apart from the fact that obviously these were brand new designer shoes
But yes so we get off the train go down to the area where our bags should be and guess what? Our bag hadn't arrived either!
So, after a while, we find out why neither piece of luggage came. They'd both been put on the wrong flight!
So I can see as people hear that I'll start getting nervous cos everyone likes hearing how your stuff hasn't turned up not mine yeah well I feel bad for the poor guy sitting here thinking he's gonna kill tonight well you won't be killing anything mate no thank you.
-  But anyway we ring American Airlines and apparently they say they will send someone around to collect us, pick us up, drive us back to LaGuardia Airport and fly us home again free of charge!
And then I thought about it and i went oh no you've got me there because if they come round my house now i'm gonna kill them
We got there about an hour later, turned out it was just some guy who had been waiting all day outside JFK airport.
I thought I was having a good day until my dad rang me an hour later going oh by the way he's not coming.
Well, great! We're going home on holiday without spending any money whatsoever.
 We did end up buying food though and we ended up staying another week so everything worked out alright really.
 Oh god no no no no it didn't work out okay because I only told her half the truth so I said look mum honestly I forgot my passport at home I think it must still be downstairs.
 She says no it definitely isn't that suitcase has already landed so I say oh no maybe it fell behind the radiator or something.
 No she says I've looked everywhere. So eventually I had to call Dad, give him permission to go upstairs and steal my bloody passport!
 He stole it under false pretences, but I couldn't blame him, because I wouldn't want to pay airfare every time my son forgets his bloody passport!
- (In Setup) Then we land in America and there's another problem so this particular airline does not allow passengers to board planes unless they have printed confirmation of their booking.
So basically even though I've paid £600 for my ticket they refuse to let me on the plane because I haven't brought the actual paper proof of purchase.