I'm from New York, so I was raised by my mother and father.
My dad's Puerto Rican, which means he has the temperament of a Latin lover combined with the patience of an Irishman who hasn't had his coffee.
He is very hot-tempered but never says anything to anyone ever because that would be rude. But it makes me crazy when people use the fucking smiley face emoji 😊 like what the fuck? Are you happy about something or no?
But here's the thing though, right? My parents actually met in Miami where they were both working as cocktail waitresses for Carnival Cruise Line. And if you're not familiar with this job description, essentially what these women do is get on board your ship and then serve you drinks while wearing a bikini.
They have been married now for over 25 years and I've always thought that their relationship seemed kind of like a cruise. It seems like fun at first until eventually you realize that there's nowhere to go and everyone looks exactly the same.
And one time we went on a week-long vacation to Jamaica and my mom took her clothes off every day.
I remember looking up at her and just going, huh? That doesn't look relaxing to me. She goes, oh, honey, relax. This is all part of the experience. I said, why don't you take your top off? She goes, I am taking my top off. Now let us enjoy ourselves.
I'm not trying to say she's ugly or anything like that. It's just because there was no fucking way that I would ever be attracted to anybody with titties smaller than an iPhone 8 plus.
And then she started doing tricks with them titties like they were magic, right? Like she was pulling fire out or some shit like that.
So now I'm thinking about what happened next because she's got some confidence, you know. And then I think maybe we should do it like this so everyone can see everything they're paying money to see. But I couldn't quite get into the spirit of things because there were two guys on either side of me who had their arms around each other but not really holding each other which made them seem less gay than regular straight men almost like they'd been given some kind of instruction no eye contact or kissing during the show they both looked out over the audience with an intensity i hadn't seen before until one caught his girlfriend's eye he winked once went back to staring at the woman across from him it was unsettling
Oh no! You're right. But what if she's one of those women who gets hornier when it's cooler outside? Do we want to risk our relationship with that woman? No thank you.
Oh man, she was right about one thing though! Relaxing does feel good when it's happening! But afterwards I'm like super stressed out because now I have two shirts on!
And then she was like, well, what's wrong with this picture? Why do you want me to take my shirt off but not my bra? My response was simple. Because when a woman takes her shirt off and leaves on her bra, it looks sexual. When a man does it, he might have scurvy. Thank you so much! Have a great night!