Settled into my new job, I'm starting to get comfortable again with Zoom meetings now that we're allowed back out of our houses but you know it's different when you work from home right because you don't have any boundaries like I used to go to work every day put on my suit pretend to be an adult person leave all my problems there come home drink wine watch Netflix eat cheese before bed sleep do it again next morning wake up feel good about myself continue living life well-adjusted adult human being then COVID hit and I went straight back to college student mode where I would roll out of bed jump onto my laptop start typing away in pajamas without brushing my teeth eating cereal or something while I worked just treating it very much like an exam paper except I was doing nothing productive whatsoever so they introduced this thing called office Zoom Bingo which is if someone does one of these things during the meeting you mark them off on your card and whoever gets the most wins prizes now yeah I thought that sounded great oh man was I wrong uh what happened guys was everyone became absolute lunatics okay and no one even cares anymore either like remember how we were trying to save lives you remember how serious people were remember how strict everything got remember how many jobs disappeared overnight all those bakers all the bartenders oh we gotta shut down bars and restaurants cause i can't breathe and black lives matter you remember that stuff yeah dude i forgot already too didn't care enough to write it down anyway that doesn't even matter let me tell you why guys it doesn't matter why I think nobody cared because they kept putting the same link everywhere and eventually everybody stopped opening their emails and checking their calendars and reminders and notifications and text messages because you'd open anything that had more than two words in it and it'd always say join zoon line number five um please join us online at zoom.com slash dash button dash three for the weekly team huddle all right cool thanks bye love you guys see you soon um whatever i mean i guess technically zoom dot com forward slash dash button dash three is correct but they never included the dashes in the email so i've been clicking random numbers together for months thinking i missed some important meeting and then finally i clicked four zero nine six two two eight seven three four and i saw a picture of a penis and i almost died wow thank god it wasn't another pointless PowerPoint presentation okay but it did make me realize how bad I am at math okay because whenever I tried to figure out who sent that dick pic I couldn't do it alright maybe it was a coworker maybe
I started getting really paranoid because I knew none of my coworkers could send dick pics because none of them have dicks okay I also know for sure because I sit directly across from each other in the middle row on a Tuesday afternoon when Jack walked by he tripped over his own feet and fell face first into his monitor and I saw his full unobstructed body including his full unobstructed genitals and I remember looking at him after he jumped up rubbing his eyes like this going, hey, bro, you okay? And he goes, ugh! Just... Ugh! Why won't you die?! Uh, yes, exactly. No penises here. We only have penises on Fridays at lunchtime, and not even everyone has those. Thank you.
 Now it's become way harder to keep track of whose turn it is because we haven't done Friday lunches since March, which means all the dudes that aren't gay or Jewish, or both, have gotten lazy and have stopped tracking it themselves.
 So instead, they'll walk around the office sometimes randomly pointing at a guy crossing his arms like, Hey, you owe $6.50 to the penis trust fund. Or else they might point to somebody sitting at their desk like, Oh shit, Mike owes $6.70 to the penis trust fund. And I'll look at him like, I literally just asked you to help me finish this report last Thursday! Like, what is happening?
 I still work at an investment bank as well. Okay, they will ask you questions though during interviews that seem completely unrelated to the role itself, but they actually relate pretty strongly. One question they often ask is, how do you handle ambiguity?
 They give you examples, like, imagine you buy tickets to Disneyland on Black Friday. You wait outside overnight, and then you rush inside when doors open early in the morning. But once you get through security, you find out that Space Mountain is closed due to technical difficulties. What do you do? Well, I wouldn't fly across the country for Disney World, obviously, but...
 But basically, what I usually answer is, I'd call customer service and complain until they fix it, which is kind of true, but what they want you to say is you learn to adapt. So I should say, I take advantage of the situation. Instead of waiting hours in line for Space Mountain, I try to convince the people behind me to switch places with me so I can skip ahead and ride Pirates of the Caribbean twice consecutively.
 Yeah, that happens quite frequently at work. There's one specific group within the company that I deal with fairly regularly, and anytime we talk, it becomes incredibly awkward. It's mostly because they speak exclusively in buzzwords and corporate jargon. If I ever bring something up that's relevant to what we're talking about, they immediately interrupt me with something equally irrelevant.
-  One time I brought up employee retention strategies, and they interrupted me saying, you gotta crush KPIs. Crush them. Get those numbers.
 And I said, I agree wholeheartedly, but I think you're missing a big part of the puzzle, because employees need intrinsic motivation to perform well, whereas companies use extrinsic motivators like money and bonuses, which ultimately leads to burnout.
 He interrupts me mid-sentence and says, well, it seems like you're stuck between Scylla and Charybdis. He spelled Sylla and Charibdiss correctly, but Charidbis has an extra d and S. That's embarrassing.
 That sounds terrible. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
 So he interrupts me mid-sentence and says, well, it seems like you're stuck between scylla and charybdas. Yes, he spelled syllabus and charadebass correctly. And then he continues on to say, I believe that's ancient Greek for being between a rock and hard place.
  Like, what is happening? The best part is I learned later on he was dead wrong. Ancient Greek for stuck between a rock and hard place is actually charambas, pronounced Shar-em-bus.
 Now, that makes sense. Because if anyone knows about rocks and hard places, it's Heraclitus.