It's really hard to get through all of these apps, because you have to go through so much small talk before it gets good. Setup Because when I was young and dumb, I thought that if there were like an easy way to meet somebody new, then maybe they would be perfect. Setup And now my friends tell me what happened last week on Tinder? A guy asked how many people did he kill? Setup Like who is this fucking madman? That's insane! He just comes out with it! Setup There used to be a time where it wasn't weird or inappropriate to ask someone about their job, but also not everybody works. Setup People do things. They work odd jobs sometimes.
Yeah! Every citizen in America should receive a stipend from birth until death. Setup And everyone has the right to keep learning whatever the fuck they want without consequence.
 You don't know anything about them yet. So you're talking about your favorite thing ever. What's your favorite hobby? Oh man... Hiking! No shit! Me too. Do you love hiking more than sex? Yes. Absolutely.
 The only reason why I say that is because we can both hike as much as we want. We could see each other every day for the rest of our lives. If one person didn't show up to the meeting, would you care? Not at all. Would you call? No. Would you text? Nope. You'd probably wait till sunset, send him a search party, find his body, drag it back to town, bury him six feet under. How dare him not commit to a casual outdoor activity.
I'm like, hey man, what's going on? He goes, oh my God! What happened last night?! Where have you been?! I go, where were you?! He says, I was out hiking with this dude named Steve.
And then he'll be like, hey man, if you don't bring my stuff back with me, I'm going to make sure everyone knows about how gay you are. And I was like, yeah, dude, just leave. Go ahead. Get out of here. That's fine. Whatever.
But then you'd have sex with me on top of my dead boyfriend's grave while I'm crying about how he left us because he had an eating disorder.
Oh my god! And then go on Facebook Live like, he's gone missing again. This time, I'm scared. Please help me find John Doe. Like, bring the dogs out there. Send SWAT team through those woods over there. Get a helicopter in the air. It'll be fine. He's an adult. Don't worry about him.
And then go on Tinder again like nothing ever happened. Just be hot. Like what the fuck do you need commitment for? Do whatever the hell you want!
Yeah! And then he wouldn't even have sex with me when I get there! He's like, oh no, now my commitment issues aren't just about people. Now they're also about nature.
I'm like, how do you know he's dead if there ain't no body? What kind of crazy ass shit am I supposed to believe?