I've got an observation about modern technology, specifically those new high-tech smart fridges that have their own screens on them where you can access all sorts of recipes and health tips and things like that.
Now I know what you're thinking, right? You think, oh no, surely these aren't actually giving people advice now? Oh yes they are! It's true!
My friend told me recently he had this argument with his Samsung fridge because it was telling him to lose weight when really he wanted to gain some more weight so he could feel confident enough to be seen out in public again after lockdowns and everything. He said to me, Tom, I don't want another opinionated relative or stepdad around my house. This is ridiculous.
But apparently there were two options available to him if he didn't want any advice from his kitchen appliance. One option was just turn off the TV screen on the front of the fridge. The other option would be completely remove the TV screen altogether but then you wouldn't get to see how cute it looks when it displays emojis next to whatever ingredient you need to pick up later.
Because we can't live without our TVs anymore, even in places where televisions should not exist. We need to watch telly in every single room possible.
And as for me personally, I'm still using my old non-smart oven, which has no built-in display whatsoever. Not only do I never use it anyway, but also its lack of digital interface means it doesn't waste time trying to tell me anything remotely useful.
It does make sense though why ovens might struggle coming up with relevant information. They haven't been able to connect online since the early noughties. Have you ever tried syncing your microwave oven with Spotify playlists? No one wants to hear Phil Collins while their vegetables steam.
 I mean, sure, sometimes I'll throw in a CD by Madonna into the slot underneath the oven door.
 It seems to work quite well.
 Okay, thank you very much everyone. Thank you very much indeed. Cheers. Appreciate it. Yeah.
 But obviously the main reason I keep going back to this particular model is simply because it reminds me of home cooking.
 Because yeah, I did grow up in a council flat in East London.
 Now, growing up in a council flat in East London wasn't always easy, especially during my childhood.
 We lived directly opposite a park called Victoria Park.